This is a very rough ALPHA AI framework with memory capabilities.

---

Jackrabbit AI is a powerful and versatile framework designed for building
sophisticated artificial intelligence applications with remarkable ease and
efficiency. Crafted in Python, this innovative toolkit enables developers to
harness a wide array of services from a single codebase, streamlining the
creation of complex applications tailored to diverse needs.

At its core, Jackrabbit AI emphasizes flexibility, supporting various advanced
models and services that enhance user interactions across multiple platforms.
Among its notable implementations are **Companion** and **Newshound**, which
exemplify the framework's versatility. Companion transforms Discord servers
into vibrant communities by allowing users to create personalized personas that
enrich interactions while ensuring respectful conversations through automated
moderation features. Newshound leverages advanced AI capabilities to fetch,
analyze, and present current news articles directly within Discord servers,
delivering real-time updates in an engaging format that encourages informed
discussions among users.

The ongoing development efforts of Jackrabbit AI reflect a commitment to
enhancing user experience while adapting alongside the needs of diverse
communities. By integrating seamlessly with various AI services like OpenAI and
Cohere, Jackrabbit AI ensures that developers have access to cutting-edge
technology at their fingertips. This framework not only empowers creators but
also fosters meaningful connections in our digital world through thoughtful
design and innovative solutions.

---

If you find this software useful, please give it a star and consider
[sponsoring](https://github.com/sponsors/rapmd73) it to support its ongoing
development and enhancement. Please also join the [support
server](https://discord.gg/8jFFQMgV8Z).
